Clarify special group name property (#4099)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/manual/group-analytics.mdx

You can change how group types are displayed in your Insights interface and throughout PostHog on Project settings.

> ## Naming groups

Reviewer: Looking at the whole doc, this is positioned weirdly - just after feature flags and settings.

Let's add this as the last `###` under `Viewing groups and their properties`?

> The PostHog UI will identify a group within its type using its ID. Unless (or until) you send a `name` property for that group. And will then use that `name`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The PostHog UI identifies a group using the `name` property. If no `name` property is found, it falls back to the group ID.
```

> So, if you originally call group using...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So, if you call `posthog.group` as below:
```

```
posthog.group('the_example_group', 'group-uuid', {

>     uuid: 'group-uuid',

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    uuid: 'some-random-uuid',
```

    company_name: 'the company_name property',
})
```

> The UI will have an example_group tab and a group showing as 'group-uuid'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The UI will have a `the_example_group` tab and a group showing up as 'group-uuid'.
```

> If either instead or subsequently you call...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If instead you call
```

```
posthog.group('the_example_group', 'group-uuid', {

>     uuid: 'group-uuid',

Reviewer 2: Distinguishing this from `group-uuid` passed to `.group()` since that determines the group name, not the uuid property

```suggestion
    uuid: 'some-random-uuid',
```

    name: 'the name property',
    company_name: 'the company_name property',
})
```

> Then you will see 'the name property' to identify that group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then the group will show up as `the name property` instead of `group-uuid`.
```
